Now when working with native device features debugging is something which can be kind of tricky.
And one to guide you to go to those Corda the pages which you can find in the ionic documentation under
installation at the very bottom.
Those platform guides.
And there you will also find parts on how you may debug your application for example within X killed
by opening it there.
Make sure to run ionic build Aiwass before doing this.
Then you can open it there and then you can follow the steps described here to debug the next code.
For example you get this console very you can also log with console log to check the state of a certain
property at some point of time.
So these are tools you can use in this case.
And for Android it's the same.
Check out the core of the documentation and here you will also find a debugging area where you can find
her to debug with Android studio so that you're also able to find your errors by having a look at this.
And by seeing a console log and so on.
So these are useful tools to narrow down what's going wrong again especially useful might be to place
their occasional console lock statement in there to see what this file name actually is or whatever
might be wrong.
Also lock those error messages and then view them in the log of X code or Android way Android studio
to find out what went wrong.
This is how you can narrow down the problem to find out what's going wrong on the native device.
And again just because it's so good.
Always consider having a look at the official documentation here.
It's really great when it comes to debugging or to finding out which features you have to use in a certain
way.